README.md, before:


Data Analyst Portfolio

[Project 1: Exploratory analysis of a company with mulitple datasets](https://github.com/Madamn22/Company-Analytics)
======================================================

-Datasets included in the project include company employees, company regions and company departments

-Performed analysis on each table, joining other tables where necessary

-Queries include basic select, from, where clauses as well as intermediate commands like cast, coalesce and rollup.


Resources used
---------------

-Visual Studio Code 

-Postgres

-Github desktop

-MySQL


[Project 2: Analysis of multibranch store with 113,036 Transactions](https://github.com/Madamn22/Large-Store-Insights)
======================================================
## Power Bi Insights
  - [Country Insights](https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiZDJiYTkxN2MtYWVhZC00NWM1LWFhMzItNDJjMWNiOGNkZTgwIiwidCI6IjE5ZGE0NWRiLTJlMDQtNDk5ZS1iNDA3LWI4ZWQxZGE4OWYyOSIsImMiOjN9)
  - [Customer Insights](https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiZDJiYTkxN2MtYWVhZC00NWM1LWFhMzItNDJjMWNiOGNkZTgwIiwidCI6IjE5ZGE0NWRiLTJlMDQtNDk5ZS1iNDA3LWI4ZWQxZGE4OWYyOSIsImMiOjN9)
  - [Revenue by Age groups and products](https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiZDJiYTkxN2MtYWVhZC00NWM1LWFhMzItNDJjMWNiOGNkZTgwIiwidCI6IjE5ZGE0NWRiLTJlMDQtNDk5ZS1iNDA3LWI4ZWQxZGE4OWYyOSIsImMiOjN9)

-Analysis performed on different variables including customers, profit and revenue and country.


[Project 3: Projects from Khan Academy](https://github.com/Madamn22/Khan-Academy-Projects)
======================================================

-Created tables and inserted values into them.
-Performed joins, including left outer joins and self joins

Commit message:

Added description for project two and tools used

README.md, after:


Data Analyst Portfolio using the following tools:
  - SQL
  - Visual Studio Code
  - Power Bi

[Project 1: Exploratory analysis of a company with mulitple datasets](https://github.com/Madamn22/Company-Analytics)
======================================================

-Datasets included in the project include company employees, company regions and company departments

-Performed analysis on each table, joining other tables where necessary

-Queries include basic select, from, where clauses as well as intermediate commands like cast, coalesce and rollup.


[Project 2: Analysis of multibranch store with 113,036 Transactions](https://github.com/Madamn22/Large-Store-Insights)
======================================================
 - Dataset with 113,036 rows/transactions.
 - Insights on customers, branches in different countries, and profit and revenues in different years.
[## Power Bi Insights](https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiZDJiYTkxN2MtYWVhZC00NWM1LWFhMzItNDJjMWNiOGNkZTgwIiwidCI6IjE5ZGE0NWRiLTJlMDQtNDk5ZS1iNDA3LWI4ZWQxZGE4OWYyOSIsImMiOjN9)


[Project 3: Projects from Khan Academy](https://github.com/Madamn22/Khan-Academy-Projects)
======================================================

-Created tables and inserted values into them.
-Performed joins, including left outer joins and self joins
